hey guys so in this video I'm going to
be unboxing the new MacBook Pro quake
not this this the new 2015 MacBook Pro
with Retina display now I just make it
but let me just say this went bad from
Huawei in the bathroom because it offers
the best lighting because there are two
huge windows in this bathroom so hey I'm
really excited about it it may not seem
like it but I'm truly excited about it
because I wanted one of these for a long
time so when they released an updated
version this year like a month ago then
I was like I'm gonna get it and Here I
am now I have you actually bought it
last night on Best Buy and I shipped it
to the store so I can pick it up today
so shuts out to Best Buy because I have
it today I could have went to a MAC
store and bought it but it was like I
have to wait until like another week to
have you and like this is the base model
so I will assume they will have it in
stock but I guess now we don't have time
to waste cuz we all want to see what's
inside is beautiful computer I open our
do Apple cuz I'll use my dummy how am I
feeling open this what does in is bad
for my views I can't use a toothbrush
and I now don't work okay there's
nothing in here that's used oh oh you
know this has stuff on me not what can I
use to open this I have nothing
this this is a razor thing you cannot
use not how is there nothing sharp in
there
what is this out last double shine no
okay I found is so let's try to use it
nothing is working I'm just gonna try my
fingernail oh yeah we're it worked the
box there's like playing it says MacBook
Pro right here some specs on the back
right here so that's it I want to open
it cuz I want to have it but I don't
want to cuz it's so precious
okay okay we're gonna open it I'm gonna
open open up I can't look the inside of
this box feels good huh oh my gosh it is
so pretty it has this little thing to
you to just take it out it is so pretty
and it smells so good oh my gosh
and look how thin disease and it is so
light people are saying this is heavy
but I mean it's 15 inches so what you
expect I'm going to put this right here
it comes with this MacBook Pro stove
information I don't really care about it
I don't want well I thought it went to
the toilet I have a charger and I have I
guess the wall piece to it I think
that's it yep that's it
this is so beautiful I don't want to
take the wrap off flip I got all this
thing only from my lip balm when I tried
to smudge it okay let's open it up
our just pinch me deuce is so beautiful
look Eddie I can't believe I own one
I own one oh my gosh oh my gosh it is so
beautiful with the MacBook I got this um
super drive thingy 2.0 I don't really
know the name of it I don't think I'll
ever use it only thing I needed but it's
nice to have so I got that was my
unboxing of the new 2015 MacBook Pro
with Retina display that's a lot to say
I feel like every macbook owner or just
mac computer owner in general has the
reason of purchasing one and my reason
was for my youtube channel i feel like
with the metal pro i can do more
elaborate videos and i can just do a lot
more than i can now with my HP PC thing
my windows computer i have now kind of
limits me only because it's like kind of
old so i can't redo much like on my
iphone i came from record 1080p because
my HP laptop can't handle that so now i
can record in HD or full 1080p HD and
like a bet on my mac i had the option to
like either by this map but first I'll
get a canon t6 I will Canon Rebel t6 on
camera first on this end of the money to
get one or the other so I ended up
getting the MacBook because if I would
have got the Canon then the HP the HP
wouldn't be able to edit those videos so
expect a canon camera and the future I'm
happy with my purchase I'm excited to
edit videos on your hopefully miss lasts
me four years because I'm not a triangle
about another one so that's all that I
really have to say for this unboxing
video so yeah thank you guys for
watching love subscribe and comment to
my youtube channel follow me on
Instagram and Vine
who got her the same Westfeldt here and
I will see you guys on my next video
buddy I love it so much and I have it
you can turn it on yeah like it smelled
good on my teeth it tastes like a new
fresh netbook I hope I'll get no disease